chore(meta): Add details to contrib doc about delete with redirect (#22630)
mdn/content: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you're not certain of the changes that you want to make, get in touch with us!
You can [chat with us](https://chat.mozilla.org/#/room/#mdn:mozilla.org) or [file an issue](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues).

> > **Note** You can click the **Source on GitHub** link at the bottom of an MDN page to jump directly to the page source on GitHub.

Reviewer: Perhaps worth keeping the normal note formatting for consistency with normal editing?
```suggestion
> **Note:** You can click the **Source on GitHub** link at the bottom of an MDN page to jump directly to the page source on GitHub.
```

Feature branches are created from the `main` branch and should be named after the feature you're working on.
This will make it easier to submit a pull request for your changes.

> > **Note**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
```

Author: Having it like `> **Note**` renders a note admonition on GitHub:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43580235/205599950-8cb8a537-995b-4750-a4dc-2617a2b8316a.png)

These markdown files will just be read on GitHub, so I think it's okay to deviate from the rest of the conventions we have under `./files/*`, what do you think?

### Moving documents

> Moving one or more documents, or an entire tree of documents is made easier with the `yarn content move` command that takes care of the details:

Reviewer: Just a thought. 
```suggestion
Moving one or more documents (or an entire tree of documents), is made easier with the "move" command, which takes care of the details:
```

Author: Agree at first, but we're using `yarn content <command-name>` everywhere else, so I'm keeping it consistent

```sh
yarn content move <from-slug> <to-slug> [locale]
```

> **Warning**
> Don't edit the `_redirects.txt` file manually.

> > If you need to add a redirect without moving a file, ask the MDN Web Docs team first.

Reviewer: 1. These things are separate - "not editing the file" and "adding a redirect without moving a file". IMO on the first one should be in the warning. 
2. The note "If you need to add a redirect without moving a file, ask the MDN Web Docs team first." - Why? Just use the redirect command.

Author: The yarn commands don't cover all cases, so it's sometimes necessary to edit the redirects file directly. It might be better to leave out the second point and just say "Don't edit the file manually, use commands"

### Moving documents

> Moving one or more documents (or an entire tree of documents), is made easier with the `yarn content move` command.
> This moves the file and fixes up redirects automatically:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Moving one or more documents (or an entire tree of documents) is made easier with the `yarn content move` command.
This command moves the file and fixes up redirects automatically. You can use this command as shown below:
```

```sh
yarn content move <from-slug> <to-slug> [locale]
```

> > **Warning**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Warning:**
```

Author: Same as above

### Deleting a document

> Deleting documents or a tree of documents is easy with the help of the `yarn content delete` command.
> 
> > **Warning**
> > Don't manually delete directories from the repository: the `delete` command handles other necessary changes such as updating the `_wikihistory.json` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to moving files, you can delete documents or a tree of documents easily by using the `yarn content delete` command. 

> **Warning:**
> Don't delete files or directories from the repository manually; the `yarn content delete` command handles the necessary changes such as updating the `_wikihistory.json` file.

You can use this command as shown below:
```

```sh
yarn content delete <document-slug> [locale] --redirect <redirect-slug-or-url>
```

To use `yarn content delete`, provide the slug of the document you'd like to delete (e.g., `Learn/Accessibility`), and the locale as an optional second argument (this defaults to `en-US`).

> If the slug of the page you wish to delete contains special characters, include it in quotes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the slug of the page you wish to delete contains special characters, include it in quotes. For example:
```

```sh
yarn content delete "Glossary/Round_Trip_Time_(RTT)" --redirect Glossary/Latency
```

> If the document has child documents (i.e. it represents a document tree), you must specify the `-r, --recursive` option or the command will fail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the document has child documents (i.e., the document represents a document tree), you must specify the `-r, --recursive` option, else the command will fail.
```

> Say you want to delete the entire `/en-US/Learn/Accessibility` tree and redirect all the deleted documents to `Web/Accessibility`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Say you want to delete the entire `/en-US/Learn/Accessibility` tree and redirect all the deleted documents to `Web/Accessibility`. You can perform the following steps:
```

> 1. Starting from a fresh branch:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Start from a fresh branch.
```

   git checkout -b deleting-a11y
   ```

2. Run the `yarn content delete` command and redirect all deleted documents:

   ```sh
   yarn content delete Learn/Accessibility --recursive --redirect Web/Accessibility
   ```

   > **Warning**

>    > You must add a redirect when deleting documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > You should always add a redirect when deleting documents. If there is no obvious alternative, redirect to the nearest "parent" of the deleted topic.
```

Author: Good, tnx

>    > If you choose add a redirect manually, see [Redirecting a document](#redirecting-a-document) to specify a URL per document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > If you forget to redirect when deleting a file, you can do it afterwards: see [Redirecting a document](#redirecting-a-document).
```

   git checkout -b deleting-a11y
   ```

> 2. Run the `yarn content delete` command and redirect all deleted documents:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Run the `yarn content delete` command and redirect all deleted documents.
```

   ```sh
   yarn content delete Learn/Accessibility --recursive --redirect Web/Accessibility
   ```

>    > **Warning**
>    > You should always add a redirect when deleting documents. If there is no obvious alternative, redirect to the nearest "parent" of the deleted topic.
>    > If you forget to redirect when deleting a file, you can do it afterwards: see [Redirecting a document](#redirecting-a-document).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   > **Warning:**
   > You should always add a redirect when deleting documents. If there is no obvious alternative, redirect to the nearest "parent" of the deleted topic.
   > If you forget to redirect when deleting a file, you can do it afterwards. See the [Redirecting a document](#redirecting-a-document) section.
```

> 3. Commit all of the changes and push your branch to the remote:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Commit all of the changes and push your branch to the remote.
```

### Redirecting a document

If you are [moving a document](#moving-one-or-more-documents) as shown above you don't need to create a redirect.

> However, you may need to after [deleting a document](#deleting-a-document) without the `--redirect` flag or when fixing a broken link.

Reviewer: Probably best to use the (hopefully) less likely option first

```suggestion
However, you may need to do so when fixing a broken link, or after [deleting a document](#deleting-a-document) without the `--redirect` flag.
```

### Redirecting a document

If you are [moving a document](#moving-one-or-more-documents) as shown above you don't need to create a redirect.

> However, you may need to do so when fixing a broken link, or after [deleting a document](#deleting-a-document) without the `--redirect` flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, you may need to do so when fixing a broken link or after [deleting a document](#deleting-a-document) without the `--redirect` flag.
```

> You may do this using the `yarn content add-redirect` command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may do this by using the `yarn content add-redirect` command.
```

   git checkout -b deleting-a11y
   ```

> 2. Add a redirect with `yarn content add-redirect`. The target page can a page on MDN or an external URL:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add a redirect with `yarn content add-redirect`. The target page can be a page on MDN or an external URL:
```
